 Memory is managed in Python in the following ways:

Memory management in python is managed by Python private heap space. All Python objects and data structures are located in a private heap.
The programmer does not have access to this private heap. The python interpreter takes care of this instead.
The allocation of heap space for Python objects is done by Python’s memory manager. The core API gives access to some tools for the programmer to code.
Python also has an inbuilt garbage collector, which recycles all the unused memory and so that it can be made available to the heap space.

What is the difference between a tuple and list in Python?
- Tuple is a data structure that is unchangeble, is immutable and a not over-allocate structure
- List is a data structure that is mutable and over allocated structure, when you create a list python pre allocate a memory space to the list

What is the difference between list and dictionary data types in Python?

- Dictionary is a key value data structure is more performatic than list, because once you have a key you can find the value in O(1) algorithm complexity,
is better then a list that is O(n)

What are the built-in types available in Python?
- Numerics
- Sets

What is the use of slicing in Python?
What is the difference between an iterator and iterable in Python?
- Iterator is a structure that get a value once by time, lazily structure. Iterable are structure that can be interable, example, list, tuples and iterators
all iterator are iterable, but not all iterable are iterators.

What is the lambda expression in Python?
Its a anonymous function, a syntax sugar.

What is the difference between the append() and extend() methods of a list in Python?
Using append you need to pass a value from a list to add, extend you need to pass an array to add to the list

What are Errors and Exceptions in Python programs?

How will you improve the performance of a program in Python?
you can use a pyc, c classes in python.
improve the algorithm that you are using
review your data structure and algoritm complexity
memory management

What is pickling in Python?

How does memory management work in Python?
-python has a private have, In python everything is a object, so all object is save on private heap and when is not used anymore, garbage collector act to free up the memory

How are arguments passed in a Python method? By value or by reference?
-In python everything is passed by reference

 How do you perform unit testing for Python code?

 What is the use of generator in Python?
 -Generator are iterator structures, that is accessed using next() statement.

 What is the difference between xrange and range in Python?

 Range provide a list of numbers and xrange provide generator (iterators)

 What is the difference between split() and slicing in Python?

 What is a Python Decorator?
 -Is the code that is executed before the method, is and extension method, that help you to dont change the method code, just extend

 What are the different methods to copy an object in Python?
 What is the use of frozenset in Python?
 -Its a set that cannot be change, it is immutable structure

 What is the difference between “is” and “==” in Python?

 Does Python use real threads if it uses a Global Interpreter Lock?

 Define list and dict comprehensions.

 Can you have a producer thread reading from the network and a consumer thread writing to a file, really work in parallel? What about the GIL?

 What is the python with statement designed for?

 How does Python approach multithreading?

 Whats is multi processor, compared with multithreading?